[+] fix path_abandon type statement (#109)
quicwg/multipath: draft-ietf-quic-multipath.md

- Identifier Type: Identifier Type field is set to indicate the type of
path identifier.
  - Type 0: Refer to the connection identifier issued by the sender of

>     the control frame when sending data over the specified path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the control frame. 
    Note that this is the connection identifier used by the peer 
    when sending packets on the to-be-closed path.
```

    This method SHOULD be used if this connection identifier is non-zero
    length. This method MUST NOT be used if this connection identifier
    is zero-length.
  - Type 1: Refer to the connection identifier issued by the receiver of

>     the control frame when sending data over the specified path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    the control frame.
    Note that this is the connection identifier used by the peer 
    when sending packets on the to-be-closed path.
```
